Update lograge compatibility for Ruby logging (#30998)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/other_telemetry/connect_logs_and_traces/ruby.md

#### Automatic injection

> For Rails applications using the default logger (`ActiveSupport::TaggedLogging`), `semantic_logger`, or `lograge` trace ID injection is automatically configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Rails applications using `ActiveSupport::TaggedLogging` (default), `semantic_logger`, or `lograge`, trace ID injection is configured automatically.
```

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> For <code>lograge</code>, you must <a href="/tracing/trace_collection/automatic_instrumentation/dd_libraries/ruby/#for-logging-in-rails-applications">disable <code>TaggedLogging</code></a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using <code>lograge</code>, you must <a href="/tracing/trace_collection/automatic_instrumentation/dd_libraries/ruby/#for-logging-in-rails-applications">disable <code>TaggedLogging</code></a>.
```

</div>

> You also need to add a [trace remapper][1] to connect the relevant logs with the traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must also add a [trace remapper][1] to link the relevant logs to their corresponding traces.
```
